feat: support `--shell` argument (#4)
JoelEinbinder/bisect-chrome: README.md

- `--manual`  manually respond with "good" or "bad" instead of running script
- `--good`    revision that is known to be GOOD. Defaults to the latest revision
- `--bad`     revision that is known to be BAD. Defaults to 305043
- `--shell`   a shell script to run instead of a script path
- `<script>`  path to a Puppeteer script that returns a non-zero code for BAD and 0 for GOOD.

Example:
- `npx bisect-chrome --good 577361 --bad 599821 simple.js`
- `npx bisect-chrome --good 577361 --bad 599821 --shell "npm run ctest"`
- `npx bisect-chrome --manual --good 577361 --bad 599821`

Use https://omahaproxy.appspot.com/ to find revisions.

> Note: the script exposes Chromium executable path as \`CRPATH\` environment variabble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Chromium executable path is exposed to the script as the \`CRPATH\` environment variable.
```
